you ready for this
I've never been more ready for anything
in my whole life you know I love you no
matter what happens
I was in your mind and that's it you owe
me all the time
honey
[Music]
there's something I gotta tell you we
are drinking to new life tisha gonna
have funnies baby I hope it's a boy come
on over here daughter you're a good girl
and I'm proud of you don't you ever
forget it
and who's gonna be responsible for this
baby the father and the mother but I
hold you in my arms I got all my baby in
mouth finally that child was born of
seeing a child it's your grandchild what
difference does it make how it gets here
unbell your hips
[Music]
we've known Bonnie father's life
he's about to pay for something he
didn't do these are children and we
gotta set them free
remember lovers what brought you here
[Music]
if you trust above this far
just it all the way just remember down
song
[Music]